This person is the president of the Chamber of Commerce
Subsea Suppression of Enterprises
Pardon me?
Is that right, President Sun?
Remember who to suppress
Director Shang, don't listen to his nonsense
Nothing at all
He slandered me
slander you
You tell the chief
What did he do to your Lin family?
Don't be afraid, I'm here to support you
Hahaha, you admit it to him.
What are you giving?
President Sun, don't talk nonsense
What am I talking nonsense?
Director Shang
You won't help the Lin family deal with me, will you?
You have three seconds.
Immediately remove his position as the president of the three sessions for me
And arrest and investigate
otherwise
You go to jail by yourself
I use my own means to
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sun Sihai
I now announce the dismissal of your chamber of commerce president
Support the Jinhai Chamber of Commerce in a comprehensive way
Shang Ziyu
You have to think carefully
Don't think you're not necessarily tall
Can pinch me
Oh I forgot to tell you one more thing
My brother just fought
Gave birth to a nine-type general
Hmph, that's ridiculous
You still dare to threaten me
Pass on my order to revoke the fact that the participating chamber of commerce will be held
Arrest and interrogate